1. To build this REST API, I used a lightweight, simple solution involving Node.js and Express.js. The only other library I used was express-validator. I decided to use Node with Express because of its reliability and how easy it is to quickly build REST API endpoints that support simple functionality as described in the coding challenge. It's also incredibly lightweight and I am able to support validations of API requests with express-validator, meaning I don't have to unnecessarily bloat the system with packages like TypeScript or Zod. For this assessment, Express more than enough met my needs of building a simple, quick, fast, and lightweight REST API with basic validation function.

2. A large advantage of my solution is how lightweight and simple it is. I didn't unnecessarily bring in all sorts of different packages that would make the app clunky. While staying lightweight, I also support endpoint validation for request bodies with error handling. My solution is simple, robust, and easy to read. On the flipside, this simplicity could be a disadvantage of my solution, as it probably won't be able to support more complex or larger scaled usecases, such as authentication, distribution, or heavy computations. Node and Express is minimal and great, but scaling and providing more complex feature sets may be a job for another framework.

3. One of my favorite projects that I worked on was at my internship with Defispot, a startup building a cross-chain cryptocurrency exchange. I was very new to the whole Web3 space and understanding decentralized finance, blockchains, and wallets was challenging but fascinating. Web3 technologies are slightly different and that presented a hurdle to get over, and it was also the largest web project that I had ever contributed to. There were many novel things that I got my hands on, like working with Redux and considering database design in order to most efficiently store user data. Despite these challenges, I was able to overcome all of them and learn an incredible amount about app development, web technologies, and Web3. The novelty and intellectual challenge made my experience super memorable and the fruit of my work very worthwhile.